custom item renderer for options in context switcher (#1008)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

  - **label** defines the context element label. If not defined, the **pathValue** is passed to **fallbackLabelResolver** to set its value. The default value is **pathValue**, if **fallbackLabelResolver** is not defined.
  - **pathValue** defines the context element path that is appended to **parentNodePath** and reflects a **pathSegment**.

### customOptionsRenderer
- **type**: function
- **parameter**: option, isSelected

> - **description**: possibility to render code inside an `<li>` element. The list element has already registered a navigation function to the options path. The function gets an option as parameter. It is recommended to use this function carefully because it is possible to inject javascript code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: enables you to add custom elements to the context switcher by rendering code inside a `<li>` element. The function takes an **option** object as a parameter. It is recommended to use this function carefully because it is possible to inject JavaScript code.
```
